Support non-HTML pages (#2586)
withastro/astro: .changeset/few-coats-warn.md

---
'astro': patch
---

Support for non-HTML pages

> ⚠️ This feature is currently only supported with the `--experimental-static-build` CLI flag. This feature may be refined over the next few weeks/months as SSR support is finalized.

> This adds support for generating non-HTML pages form `.js` and `.ts` pages during the build. Buitl file and extensions are based on the source file's name, ex: `src/pages/data.json.ts` will be built to `dist/data.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds support for generating non-HTML pages from `.js` and `.ts` pages during the build. Built file and extensions are based on the source file's name, ex: `src/pages/data.json.ts` will be built to `dist/data.json`.
```
